That we finished this first module on the syntax changes and additions decor syntax changes and additions
.
IOS 6 brings where to look at Latin concepts.
We had a look at the new function defat functions and default arguments.
We had to look at the additions to the literal notation of objects where we could use strings as names
for our object methods for example we also had a look at rest and spread and at template literals.
So multiline strings with values very good values being output right inside of them if you want to put
it like this.
And we also had a look at destructuring all of that a very important dish which make Chappell's grip
more powerful and give you more flexibility.
And I really hope that floats Marchal I was able to show you how all of that works and how you use it
what the limitations are and why it might be useful.
With that it's time to continue to the next module which will actually itself be about modules Xolair
by